The Constitution of Hello Internet
Article 1 - Structure
    Section 1 - The Government
        There shall be three governing bodies, the Reddit Congress, The Arbiters, and the Monarchs.
    Section 2 - The Reddit Congress
        The Reddit Congress shall consist of 15 Reddit users that shall have the backing of the Tims on the Reddit and shall be supported in their quest to be designated as moderators of the r/HelloInternet subreddit by the     Monarchs or via r/redditrequest.
    Section 3 - The Arbiters
        The Arbiters shall consist of a council of 3 Reddit users.
    Section 4 - The Monarchs
        The Monarchs shall consist of our lords: Queen Grey of Spades and of Bees, and King Brady the Hard As Nails.
    Section 5 - The Tims
        “Tims” are hereby defined as the members of the Hello Internet community.

Article 2 - The Reddit Congress
    Section 1 - The Nominations
        The Reddit Congressman shall be elected by yearly paper ballet. 60 days before the scheduled date of the election the Chairman of the congress shall create a nomination thread. Tims who wish to run for The Reddit Congress shall make a top-level comment laying out their campaign and announcing their intent to run for office. As many as 15 candidates, not including Tims currently holding congressional office, may be nominated. If more than 15 Tims enter the race the top 15 campaign posts shall receive the nomination and move to paper ballet. Nominations are closed 30 days before the scheduled election date, at which time the Chairman shall announce the candidates on the ballot (which shall consist of up to 15 candidates and up to 15 incumbents). 
    Section 2 - The Election
        The Chairman shall be responsible for establishing the paper ballet. They shall establish and make known to the Tims the proper formats by which they may vote. These formats shall not impose an undue burden on voting but shall require Tims to send physical mail to the Chairman including a Reddit username or another unique identifier assigned by congress.  The Reddit Congress must confirm any additional terms imposed by the Chairman on the election by 8 votes before the formal announcement. The formal announcement of the terms of the election shall be announced at least 30 days before the scheduled election date.  The format of the election shall allow Tims to vote for 15 congressmen using ranked-choice voting. On the election date, the Chairman shall take in all received ballots and count them. The counting of the ballots shall be filmed and the full, un-cut, footage shall be posted on youtube and Reddit within 2 days of the counting.  After the counting is complete the Chairman shall make available a record of the exact number of votes received, the number of votes for each candidate and the number of votes declared invalid. The Chairman shall announce the winners of the election 2 days after the election and the new Reddit Congress shall take office 30 days after the announcement of the results. 2 days after taking office the Reddit Congress shall elect one of their number to be the Chairman of the Congress by 8 votes. The new Reddit Congress shall then, before any other business is conducted, schedule the date for the next election by 12 votes. The election shall take place within one week of a year after the previous election.  The Reddit Congress may choose to delegate the powers in Article 2, Section 1 and Article 2, Section 2 granted to the chairman to another Tim or a Group of Tims by 8 votes 61 days or more from the scheduled election date or by 10 votes during the 61 days.
    Section 3 - Powers of the Congress
        The Reddit Congress shall have the authority to establish official standards of the Tims, such as official flag, animals, flowers, and organizational methods, and the power to establish community guidelines. They may establish this by 11 votes, or by 8 votes and a referendum. All referendums shall be addendums to the yearly elections, held at the same time via the same paper ballet. They shall be full bills passed by the Reddit Congress with a 10 vote majority and confirmed by the Tims with a simple 8 vote majority. A referendum may have multiple options, however in this case a system of ranked-choice voting shall be used, and each option but be able to come into effect without further specification from congress.  Congressman shall have the power to ban members of the Reddit for two days with the agreement of another congressman. Once a user has been banned in this way they are protected from another such ban by either of the same two congressmen for 30 days. All congressmen must be notified at least 2 days in advance of any votes accruing. If all 15 congressman are present and all 15 agree to wave the notice time and vote immediately, they may. Any bill that does not receive at least 10 total votes, (yes, no, or abstain) Shall not pass. Any Congressman that does not participate in 5 votes that are at least 1 day apart, but no more than 1 month from the first vote to the last vote shall be automatically ejected from congress without impeachment. Congress may pass a mesure preventing the automatic impeachment of a member for an amount of time by 8 votes, but such a mesure must be renewed once a month.  If any of the congressional seats are not filled, the only bill the Reddit Congress may pass is a special election confirmation or the election of a Chairman.
    Section 4 - The Chairman
        A new Chairman may be elected by 9 votes of the Reddit Congress without the resignation of the chairman, and  8 votes of the Reddit Congress with the resignation of the Chairman at any time. If the resignation of the Chairman was not received by the Reddit Congress before the Vote, or the stipulation of impeachment is included in the vote, the Chairman is considered impeached banning them from ever holding the office of Chairman in this congress. 
    Section 5 - A Meeting Place
        The Chairman shall establish a meeting place for congress. It shall be online. It shall be easily accessible by the Tims and by the congressman. It shall provide methods of public and private debate and voting among the congressmen. Congress must approve of this location by 9 votes.
    Section 6 - Ejection
        The Reddit Congress may eject one of their members from the congress by 13 votes. If the ejection of a member includes the stipulation of impeachment they shall be banned from running for office for 1 full year from the date of ejection. 
    Section 7 - Special Elections
        In the event, a congressman must resign, or in the event they are ejected from the Reddit Congress, a Special Election is held. In a Special Election, the Chairman shall create a thread and open the floor for nominations. Any Tim who wishes to run for the empty seat may post a top-level comment announcing their intent to run and laying out their campaign. The top three candidates after 7 days shall be submitted to The Reddit Congress. The Reddit Congress shall then vote and elect one of the three to a temporary seat by 8 votes. The elected congressman becomes a Probationary Congressman, serving the rest of the term of their predecessor. Probationary Congressmen may be ejected from congress by 10 votes instead of 13 votes.

Article 3 - The Arbiters
    Section 1 - Appointment of Arbiters
        When an Arbiter’s term ends or they resign a replacement is nominated by the chairman within 7 days of the vacation of the seat and confirmed by 10 votes of the Reddit Congress to an 18-month term within 5 days of the nomination. An Arbiter that has resigned or served to the completion of their term may not be nominated to be an Arbiter again for 1 full year from the date they leave office.
    Section 2 - Powers
        The Arbiters shall be the final authority on the constitutionality of the actions of government. If a Reddit Congressman believes an act of congress is unconstitutional they may submit their case to the Arbiters. If one of the Arbiters accepts the case a Reddit Thread will be opened and each side will be given 7 days to state their case and arguments. After arguments close the Arbiters will be given 2 days to deliberate and return a verdict. For a verdict to be binding, two of the three Arbiters must agree to it. Arbiters shall have the power to permaban any Reddit user that has received a temporary ban from two congressmen within the last 2 days.  The decision to permaban a Reddit user must be publicly justified by reference to a relevant Reddit Congress Law. The decision to permaban may be overturned by the other two Arbiters in agreement.
    Section 3 - The Record of the Law
        The Longist serving Arbiter shall have the responsibility for maintaining a list of binding laws and regulations. The Reddit Congress shall be required to submit any law they pass to this Arbiter for recording.
    Section 4 - Impeachment
        An Arbiter may be impeached by 13 votes of the Reddit Congress. An Impeached Arbiter is removed from office and barred from ever holding public office.
    Section 5 - Special Appointment
        If an Arbiter resigns or is impeached the Reddit Congress must appoint a successor within 10 days, the successor shall serve the rest of the term of the person they are replacing.

Article 4 - Census
        it shall be the responsibility of the Reddit Congress to establish a Census to be taken by recording the Reddit usernames and country of origin of Tims who send in paper ballets. A record of all the Tims that voted and what their vote was in the last election shall be kept and remain public. The list of voters shall be used to create a restricted subreddit used only for the conducting of Congressional campaigns, polls conducted by the Reddit Congress, and Special Elections. A Tim who believes their vote was not counted or received may apply to join the restricted subreddit, but they must be hosted by a congressman and at least 3 other Tims and must provide some kind of proof that the vote was sent, a receipt, a photo of the vote and some kind of date and time, or the ability to pick their vote out of the official vote-counting video.

Article 5 - Amendments
    Section 1 - Explicit Powers
        The powers granted here are explicit and no interpretation of this document may include implied powers, only those explicitly stated. 
    Section 2 - Amending
        This document may be amended by a bill passed in the Reddit Congress by 12 votes and a referendum confirming it by 9 votes of the Tims. Article 1, Article 5, and Article 6 may not be changed except by the Monarchy.

Article 6 - Supremacy of the Monarchs
        All authority, powers, and methods, laid out in this constitution may be altered at will by the monarchs.

Article 7 - The First Government
    Section 1 - Ratification
        [no idea what to put here]
    Section 2 - Watchers of the Change
        A Reddit thread shall be created for nominations for Watchers of the Change. Tims who want the job may make a top-level comment announcing their intention to run for Watcher of the Change. 7 days after the thread is created nominations close. 7 days after nominations close the top two nominations shall be named Watchers of the Change. After sections 3, 4 and 5 of this Article are complete the Watchers of the Change shall be relieved of duty and banned from taking public office for 18 months.
    Section 3 - The Election
        The Watchers of the Change shall create a reddit thread for nominations for the members of the Reddit Congress. 14 days after the thread is created nominations shall close. If there are more than 30 nominations the top 30 nominations shall be selected. Within 24 hours of closing of nominations the Watchers of the Change shall announce the candidates on the ballot. 3 days after the candidates are announced the Watchers of the change shall announce the election date. The election date shall be one date. The election date shall be 30 days or more after the announcement of the candidates on the ballot. The format of the election shall be ranked choice voting. To vote Tims shall send two identical ballots to both Watchers of the Change with their reddit username attached. The Watchers of the Change will both film themselves picking up the ballots from the post office, and counting the ballots. They shall each separately record their results and shall make their results public within 3 hours of each other. The Watchers of the Change shall not shair their results with each other before it is released to the public. A vote only counts if both Watchers of the Change have exactly the same vote. 1 day after the results are made public the Watchers of the Change shall announce the winners of the election. 
    Section 4 - The First Reddit Congress
        2 days after the election of the first Reddit congress, they shall elect one of their number to be the Chairman of the Congress by 8 votes. The Chairman shall be the figurehead of the Tims under the Monarchs, leading meetings of the Congress, announcing results of votes, and other events.  After the Chairman has been elected, the Reddit Congress shall schedule the next election by 12 votes. The date must be within 1 week of a year after the election of the first Reddit Congress. After election date is set the Reddit congress will address Article 8, Section 5 before any other business is conducted.
    Section 5 - The Arbiters
        After the election date is set, the First Chairman shall nominate 3 reddit users to be Arbiters within 7 days after the election of the First Reddit Congres. The Reddit Congress shall then conferm them by 10 votes with in 2 days after the nomination. If the confirmation fails the chairman shall have 2 days to nominate a new arbiter and the process starts aegean.  The first Arbiter to be confirmed shall have a term of 18 months fand shall be responsible for Article 3, Section 3. The second Arbiter to be confirmed shall have a term of  1 year. The third Arbiter to be confirmed shall have a term of 6 months. 
    Section 6 - Compleation
        After the election is completed, all 15 seats of the First Reddit Congress are full, a Chairman is elected, the next election date set, and all three Arbiters confermed Sections 3, 4, and 5 of this article shall be considered complete and shall no longer be legally binding.

Article 8 - The Bill of Rights
    Section 1 - The Freedom of Speech
        The Reddit Congress shall make no law inhibiting free speech except for vulgar language and hate speech. Hate speech is defined as any form of expression through which speakers intend to vilify, humiliate, or incite hatred against a group or a class of persons on the basis of race, religion, skin color sexual identity, gender identity, ethnicity, disability, or national origin.
    Section 2 - The Freedom of Ideas
        The Reddit Congress shall make no law establishing a penalty on the holding of a belief or idea, such as an option as to the best flag option for the Hello Internet community.
    Section 3 - The Highest Punishment
        The highest penalty for the breaking of any of the laws of the Reddit Congress shall not exceed a permaban.
    Section 4 - Freedom of Information
        The deliberations of the Reddit Congress shall be public record and shall not be deleted or removed from the internet. The Reddit Congress may choose to seal discussion to the Reddit Congress, restricting review of deliberations to members of the Reddit Congress and the Monarchs, but binding measures may not be voted on in a sealed session. The full text of all laws shall be public records. If the text of the law is not publicly available it shall have no weight.
